# Containerization setup for VyPR eco system

## Pre-requisites
- All scripts provided in this repository should have execute permission.
- Docker engine and its components should be installed. Please check the script `./install_docker.sh` if you need to install Docker engine and its components automatically.
- In order to run the containerized version of VyPR ecosystem, there are four port numbers which are exposed such as 9001, 9002, 9003, 9005. Please remove any service running on the aforementioned port numbers.


## Containerization details

There are three different aspects of VyPR ecosystem which are deployed in the container

- VyPR web tool

This is a web-based environment for visualizing performance data. Developers can use this tool to understand performance data generated by VyPR analysis. The web tool is accessed at `http://localhost:9002/`

- VyPR visualisation tool

A Javascript-based visualisation tool for the VyPR performance analysis framework. This is accessed at `http://localhost:9001/`

- VyPR Jupyter notebook for analysis library

To get a feel of how analysis library is used. We provide two notebooks for running the analysis and visualizing the data collected from VyPR performance analysis

This is accessed at `http://localhost:9005/?token=...`. Token number can be accessed after container is deployed. See the output on the terminal.



## Start containerization setup
Execute script
```
./web-tool-docker.sh
```
After the containerization process is completed, there will be a message providing some instructions about how to access VyPR ecosystem.


## Clean all containers
```
./cleanup-containers.sh
```
